Update expanded registers (#21)
ETC-A/etca-spec: extensions/stack-and-functions/README.md

This extension adds instructions to allow for convenient use of the stack as well as instructions for function calls. It also provides a recommended usage for each register to minimize the time spent unneccesarily pushing and popping registers to and from the stack.

| Register | Alias     | Calling Convention |
|----------|-----------|----------------|
| `r0`     | `a0`/`v0` | call-clobbered |
| `r1`     | `a1`/`v1` | call-clobbered |
| `r2`     | `a2`      | call-clobbered |
| `r3`     | `s0`      | call-preserved |
| `r4`     | `s1`      | call-preserved |
| `r5`     | `bp`      | call-preserved |
| `r6`     | `sp`      | call-preserved |

> | `r7`     | `ln`      | call-clobbered |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Register | Alias     | Calling Convention |
|----------|-----------|----------------|
| `r0`     | `a0`/`v0` | caller saved |
| `r1`     | `a1`/`v1` | caller saved |
| `r2`     | `a2`      | caller saved |
| `r3`     | `s0`      | callee saved |
| `r4`     | `s1`      | callee saved |
| `r5`     | `bp`      | callee saved |
| `r6`     | `sp`      | callee saved |
| `r7`     | `ln`      | caller saved |
```
Capitalization doesn't matter much to me. They were capitalized before but leaving them lowercase is fine.

- aN registers are argument registers and store the first N arguments to a function call. Additional arguments should be pushed to the stack.
- vN registers are the first N return values from a function call. Additional return values should be pushed to the stack.
- sN registers are registers that must be saved before, and restored after, use.
- tN registers (see the [Expanded Registers](../expanded-registers/README.md) extension) are temporary registers which a function can use however it wants.
- bp is the base pointer register and stores the address of the bottom of the stack for this function.
- sp is the stack pointer register and stores the address of the top of the stack for this function. This is hardcoded into the push and pop instructions.

> - ln is the link register and stores the address that this function should return to. This is hard coded into the call and return instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ln is the link register and stores the address that this function should return to. This is hardcoded into the call and return instructions.
```
